Problem On a far away planet, rugby is played in the two dimensional Cartesian
coordinate system without bounds. The players can occupy integer grid points
only and they can move to the neighboring grid points in any of the four
cardinal directions. Specifically, if a player is currently at the point (X, Y),
then they can move to either of the points (X+1, Y), (X-1, Y), (X, Y+1), or (X,
Y-1) in a single step.

After the game, N players are scattered throughout the coordinate system such
that any grid point is empty or occupied by one or more players. They want to
gather for a picture and form a perfect horizontal line of N grid points, one
player per point, all occupied points next to each other. Formally, the players
have to move so as to occupy the grid points (X, Y), (X+1, Y), (X+2, Y), ...,
(X+N-1, Y) for some coordinates X and Y. What is the minimum total number of
steps the players should make to form a perfect line if they are free to choose
the position of the line in the coordinate system and the ordering of players is
not important?

Input The first line of the input gives the number of test cases T. T test cases
follow. The first line of each test case gives the number of players N. The
subsequent N lines give the initial coordinates of the players. The i-th of
these lines contains two integers Xi and Yi, which describe the initial position
of i-th player (1 ≤ i ≤ N).

Output For each test case, output one line containing Case #x: y, where x is the
test case number (starting from 1) and y is the minimum total number of steps
that the players need to make in order to form a perfect horizontal line.

Limits Memory limit: 1 GB. 1 ≤ T ≤ 100. Test Set 1 Time limit: 20 seconds. 1 ≤ N
≤ 10. -500 ≤ Xi ≤ 500. -500 ≤ Yi ≤ 500. Test Set 2 Time limit: 40 seconds. 1 ≤ N
≤ 105 for at most 10 cases. 1 ≤ N ≤ 104 for the remaining cases. -109 ≤ Xi ≤
109. -109 ≤ Yi ≤ 109. Sample

Input

2 2 1 1 4 4 3 1 1 1 2 1 3

Output
  
Case #1: 5 Case #2: 4

  
