Problem There are N people in the world numbered 1 to N. The i-th person has a
distinct name Si that is a string of uppercase English letters.

Two people are friends if and only if there is some letter that appears at least
once in each of their names. Any such letter does not need to be at the same
position in both names. After all, friendship requires having something in
common!

A friendship chain of length n between person A and person B is a sequence of
people X1, X2, ..., Xn such that X1 = A, Xn = B, and Xi and Xi+1 are friends,
for i=1 to n-1. Note that any two people can have zero or more friendship chains
between them.

For each of the given Q pairs of people, can you find the length of the shortest
friendship chain between them? If there is no friendship chain between a pair,
output -1.

Input The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, T. T test
cases follow. The first line of each test case contains the two integers N and
Q. The second line contains N strings, which are people's names. The i-th string
(starting from 1) is Si. Then, Q lines follow, describing the queries. The i-th
of these lines contains the two integers Xi and Yi, which are the indexes
(counting starting from 1) of a pair of people in the list of names.

Output For each test case, output one line containing Case #x: y, where x is the
test case number (starting from 1) and y is a list of the answers for the Q
queries in order, separated by spaces.

Limits Time limit: 40 seconds per test set. Memory limit: 1GB. 1 ≤ T ≤ 100. 1 ≤
Q ≤ 5 × 104. Si consists of uppercase English letters, for all i. 1 ≤ length of
Si ≤ 20, for all i. All Si are distinct. 1 ≤ Xi <Yi ≤ N, for all i. Test Set 1 2
≤ N ≤ 100. Test Set 2 103 < N ≤ 5 × 104 in at most 10 cases. 2 ≤ N ≤ 103 in all
other cases. Sample

Input
 	
Output
 
2 5 2 LIZZIE KEVIN BOHDAN LALIT RUOYU 1 2 1 3 2 2 KICK START 1 2 1 2

  
Case #1: 2 3 Case #2: -1 -1

  